---
title: AWS SAA Practise test- end of training
layout: post
tags: [aws, saa, test]
date: 2021-04-24
---
- The architecture is already highly resilient but may be subject to performance degradation if there are sudden increases in request rates. To resolve this situation Amazon Aurora Read Replicas can be used to serve read traffic which offloads requests from the main database. On the frontend an Amazon CloudFront distribution can be placed in front of the ALB and this will cache content for better performance and also offloads requests from the backend.
-  A new version of the AWS Web Application Firewall was released in November 2019. With AWS WAF classic you create “IP match conditions”, whereas with AWS WAF (new version) you create “IP set match statements”. Look out for wording on the exam.
The IP match condition / IP set match statement inspects the IP address of a web request's origin against a set of IP addresses and address ranges. Use this to allow or block web requests based on the IP addresses that the requests originate from.
AWS WAF supports all IPv4 and IPv6 address ranges. An IP set can hold up to 10,000 IP addresses or IP address ranges to check.
- In this case AWS Lambda can perform the computation and store the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Lambda can scale concurrent executions to meet demand easily and DynamoDB is built for key-value data storage requirements and is also serverless and easily scalable. This is therefore a cost effective solution for unpredictable workloads.

- A new version of the AWS Web Application Firewall was released in November 2019. With AWS WAF classic you create “IP match conditions”, whereas with AWS WAF (new version) you create “IP set match statements”. Look out for wording on the exam.
The IP match condition / IP set match statement inspects the IP address of a web request's origin against a set of IP addresses and address ranges. Use this to allow or block web requests based on the IP addresses that the requests originate from.
AWS WAF supports all IPv4 and IPv6 address ranges. An IP set can hold up to 10,000 IP addresses or IP address ranges to check.
- Need to connect the EC2 instances to the SaaS application with a source address of one of two whitelisted public IP addresses to ensure authentication works.
A NAT Gateway is created in a specific AZ and can have a single Elastic IP address associated with it. NAT Gateways are deployed in public subnets and the route tables of the private subnets where the EC2 instances reside are configured to forward Internet-bound traffic to the NAT Gateway. You do pay for using a NAT Gateway based on hourly usage and data processing, however this is still a cost-effective solution. The diagram below depicts an instance in a private subnet using a NAT gateway to connect out to the internet via an internet gateway.
- To specify permissions for a specific task on Amazon ECS you should use IAM Roles for Tasks. The permissions policy can be applied to tasks when creating the task definition, or by using an IAM task role override using the AWS CLI or SDKs. The taskRoleArn parameter is used to specify the policy.
- The Amazon S3 notification feature enables you to receive notifications when certain events happen in your bucket. To enable notifications, you must first add a notification configuration that identifies the events you want Amazon S3 to publish and the destinations where you want Amazon S3 to send the notifications. You store this configuration in the notification subresource that is associated with a bucket.
AWS Glue is a fully managed extract, transform, and load (ETL) service that makes it easy for customers to prepare and load their data for analytics.
With this solution S3 event notifications triggering a Lambda function is completely serverless and cost-effective and AWS Glue can trigger ETL jobs that will transform that data and load it into a data store such as S3.
- CloudFormation helps users to deploy resources in a consistent and orderly way. By ensuring the CloudFormation templates are created and administered with the right security configurations for your resources, you can then repeatedly deploy resources with secure settings and reduce the risk of human error.
- ElastiCache is a web service that makes it easy to deploy and run Memcached or Redis protocol-compliant server nodes in the cloud. The in-memory caching provided by ElastiCache can be used to significantly improve latency and throughput for many read-heavy application workloads or compute-intensive workloads.
- AWS Global Accelerator uses the vast, congestion-free AWS global network to route TCP and UDP traffic to a healthy application endpoint in the closest AWS Region to the user. This means it will intelligently route traffic to the closest point of presence (reducing latency). Seamless failover is ensured as AWS Global Accelerator uses anycast IP address which means the IP does not change when failing over between regions so there are no issues with client caches having incorrect entries that need to expire.
- Scheduled Instances are a good choice for workloads that do not run continuously but do run on a regular schedule. This is ideal for the development environment.
Reserved instances are a good choice for workloads that run continuously. This is a good option for the production environment.
- Amazon EKS is a managed service that can be used to run Kubernetes on AWS. Kubernetes is an open-source system for automating the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. Applications running on Amazon EKS are fully compatible with applications running on any standard Kubernetes environment, whether running in on-premises data centers or public clouds. This means that you can easily migrate any standard Kubernetes application to Amazon EKS without any code modification.
This solution ensures that the same open-source software is used for automating the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications both on-premises and in the AWS Cloud.
- Multi-factor authentication (MFA) delete adds an additional step before an object can be deleted from a versioning-enabled bucket.
With MFA delete the bucket owner must include the x-amz-mfa request header in requests to permanently delete an object version or change the versioning state of the bucket.
- Scaling based on a schedule allows you to set your own scaling schedule for predictable load changes. To configure your Auto Scaling group to scale based on a schedule, you create a scheduled action. This is ideal for situations where you know when and for how long you are going to need the additional capacity.
- You can directly migrate Microsoft SQL Server from an on-premises server into Amazon RDS using the Microsoft SQL Server database engine. This can be achieved using the native Microsoft SQL Server tools, or using AWS DMS as depicted below.
- "Create a gateway VPC endpoint and add an entry to the route table" is the correct answer.
- the company should use cloud storage to replace the existing storage solutions that are running out of capacity. The on-premises servers mount the existing storage using block protocols (iSCSI) and file protocols (NFS). As there is a requirement to avoid re-architecting existing applications these protocols must be used in the revised solution.
The AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway should be used to replace the block-based storage systems as it is mounted over iSCSI and the file gateway should be used to replace the NFS file systems as it uses NFS.
- The issue here is latency with read queries being directed from Australia to UK which is great physical distance. A solution is required for improving read performance in Australia. An Aurora global database consists of one primary AWS Region where your data is mastered, and up to five read-only, secondary AWS Regions. Aurora replicates data to the secondary AWS Regions with typical latency of under a second. You issue write operations directly to the primary DB instance in the primary AWS Region.
- You can copy an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) within or across AWS Regions using the AWS Management Console, the AWS Command Line Interface or SDKs, or the Amazon EC2 API, all of which support the CopyImage action.
Using the copied AMI the solutions architect would then be able to launch an instance from the same EBS volume in the second Region.
- Amazon DynamoDB global tables provide a fully managed solution for deploying a multi-region, multi-master database. This is the only solution presented that provides an active-active configuration where reads and writes can take place in multiple regions with full bi-directional synchronization.
- AWS DataSync can be used to move large amounts of data online between on-premises storage and Amazon S3 or Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). DataSync eliminates or automatically handles many of these tasks, including scripting copy jobs, scheduling and monitoring transfers, validating data, and optimizing network utilization. The source datastore can be Server Message Block (SMB) file servers.
- You can use a Lambda function to process Amazon Simple Notification Service notifications. Amazon SNS supports Lambda functions as a target for messages sent to a topic. This solution decouples the Amazon EC2 application from Lambda and ensures the Lambda function is invoked.
- S3 standard is the best choice in this scenario for a short term storage solution. In this case the size and number of logs is unknown and it would be difficult to fully assess the access patterns at this stage. Therefore, using S3 standard is best as it is cost-effective, provides immediate access, and there are no retrieval fees or minimum capacity charge per object.
- The solutions architect must enable high availability for the architecture and ensure it is cost-effective. To enable high availability an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group should be created to add and remove instances across multiple availability zones.In order to distribute the traffic to the instances the architecture should use a Network Load Balancer which operates at Layer 4. This architecture will also be cost-effective as the Auto Scaling group will ensure the right number of instances are running based on demand.
- This is a good use case for Amazon Kinesis streams as it is able to scale to the required load, allow multiple applications to access the records and process them sequentially.Amazon Kinesis Data Streams enables real-time processing of streaming big data. It provides ordering of records, as well as the ability to read and/or replay records in the same order to multiple Amazon Kinesis Applications.
Amazon Kinesis streams allows up to 1 MiB of data per second or 1,000 records per second for writes per shard. There is no limit on the number of shards so you can easily scale Kinesis Streams to accept 50,000 per second.The Amazon Kinesis Client Library (KCL) delivers all records for a given partition key to the same record processor, making it easier to build multiple applications reading from the same Amazon Kinesis data stream.