---
title: AWS CDA Practise test 4
layout: post
tags: [aws, cda, test]
date: 2020-08-17
---
### Monitoring
- A telecommunications company that provides internet service for mobile device users maintains over 100 c4.large instances in the us-east-1 region. The EC2 instances run complex algorithms. The manager would like to track CPU utilization of the EC2 instances as frequently as every 10 seconds.
Which of the following represents the BEST solution for the given use-case?:Create a high-resolution custom metric and push the data using a script triggered every 10 seconds
- A startup manages its Cloud resources with Elastic Beanstalk. The environment consists of few Amazon EC2 instances, an Auto Scaling Group (ASG), and an Elastic Load Balancer. Even after the Load Balancer marked an EC2 instance as unhealthy, the ASG has not replaced it with a healthy instance.
As a Developer, suggest the necessary configurations to automate the replacement of unhealthy instance:The health check type of your instance's Auto Scaling group, must be changed from EC2 to ELB by using a configuration file
- An IT company has migrated to a serverless application stack on the AWS Cloud with the compute layer being implemented via Lambda functions. The engineering managers would like to actively troubleshoot any failures in the Lambda functions.
  As a Developer Associate, which of the following solutions would you suggest for this use-case?The developers should insert logging statements in the Lambda function code which are then available via CloudWatch logs
- A developer from your team has configured the load balancer to route traffic equally between instances or across Availability Zones. However, Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) routes more traffic to one instance or Availability Zone than the others.
  Why is this happening and how can it be fixed? (Select two) Instances of a specific capacity type aren’t equally distributed across Availability Zones. Sticky sessions are enabled for the load balancer.
- You are working for a shipping company that is automating the creation of ECS clusters with an Auto Scaling Group using an AWS CloudFormation template that accepts cluster name as its parameters. Initially, you launch the template with input value 'MainCluster', which deployed five instances across two availability zones. The second time, you launch the template with an input value 'SecondCluster'. However, the instances created in the second run were also launched in 'MainCluster' even after specifying a different cluster name. What is the root cause of this issue?The cluster name Parameter has not been updated in the file /etc/ecs/ecs.config during bootstrap.
- You company runs business logic on smaller software components that perform various functions. Some functions process information in a few seconds while others seem to take a long time to complete. Your manager asked you to decouple components that take a long time to ensure software applications stay responsive under load. You decide to configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) to work with your Elastic Beanstalk configuration.
Which of the following Elastic Beanstalk environment should you choose to meet this requirement?Dedicated worker environment
- As a Senior Developer, you manage 10 Amazon EC2 instances that make read-heavy database requests to the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. You need to make this architecture resilient for disaster recovery. Which of the following features will help you prepare for database disaster recovery? (Select two) Enable the automated backup feature of Amazon RDS in a multi-AZ deployment that creates backups in a single AWS Region.Use cross-Region Read Replicas
- An organization with online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads have successfully moved to DynamoDB after having many issues with traditional database systems. However, a few months into production, DynamoDB tables are consistently recording high latency.
 As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you suggest to reduce the latency? (Select two) Use eventually consistent reads in place of strongly consistent reads whenever possible. Consider using Global tables if your application is accessed by globally distributed users
 - Your team lead has requested code review of your code for Lambda functions. Your code is written in Python and makes use of the Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) to upload logs to an S3 bucket. After the review, your team lead has recommended reuse of execution context to improve the Lambda performance.
 Which of the following actions will help you implement the recommendation?Move the Amazon S3 client initialization, out of your function handler
 - You have deployed a traditional 3-tier web application architecture with a Classic Load Balancer, an Auto Scaling group, and an Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database. Users are reporting that they have to re-authenticate into the website often.
 What should you do to make the application tier stateless and outsource the session information?Add an ElastiCache Cluster.
 
### Deployment
- AWS CloudFormation helps model and provision all the cloud infrastructure resources needed for your business.
 Which of the following services rely on CloudFormation to provision resources (Select two)?AWS Elastic Beanstalk.AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM).
- An organization is moving its on-premises resources to the cloud. Source code will be moved to AWS CodeCommit and AWS CodeBuild will be used for compiling the source code using Apache Maven as a build tool. The organization wants the build environment should allow for scaling and running builds in parallel.
Which of the following options should the organization choose for their requirement?:CodeBuild scales automatically, the organization does not have to do anything for scaling or for parallel builds.
### Security
- A Company uses a large set of EBS volumes for their fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. As an AWS Certified Developer Associate, your help has been requested to understand the security features of the EBS volumes. The company does not want to build or maintain their own encryption key management infrastructure.
Can you help them understand what works for Amazon EBS encryption? (Select two)1)Encryption by default is a Region-specific setting. If you enable it for a Region, you cannot disable it for individual volumes or snapshots in that Region. 2)A volume restored from an encrypted snapshot, or a copy of an encrypted snapshot is always encrypted.
- A financial services company wants to ensure that the customer data is always kept encrypted on Amazon S3 but wants a fully managed solution to create, rotate and remove the encryption keys.
 As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you recommend to address the given use-case? 
- A recruit has created an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket. He needs assistance in getting the security principles right for this bucket. Which of the following is NOT a security practice for access control to S3 buckets?:Use of Security Groups
- Your application is deployed automatically using AWS Elastic Beanstalk. Your YAML configuration files are stored in the folder .ebextensions and new files are added or updated often. The DevOps team does not want to re-deploy the application every time there are configuration changes, instead, they would rather manage configuration externally, securely, and have it load dynamically into the application at runtime.
 What option allows you to do this? Use SSM Parameter Store.
- A company has a workload that requires 14,000 consistent IOPS for data that must be durable and secure. The compliance standards of the company state that the data should be secure at every stage of its lifecycle on all of the EBS volumes they use.
 Which of the following statements are true regarding data security on EBS?:EBS volumes support both in-flight encryption and encryption at rest using KMS.
- Two policies are attached to an IAM user. The first policy states that the user has explicitly been denied all access to EC2 instances. The second policy states that the user has been allowed permission for EC2:Describe action.
When the user tries to use 'Describe' action on an EC2 instance using the CLI, what will be the output?The user will be denied access because one of the policies has an explicit deny on it
### Refactoring
- You company runs business logic on smaller software components that perform various functions. Some functions process information in a few seconds while others seem to take a long time to complete. Your manager asked you to decouple components that take a long time to ensure software applications stay responsive under load. You decide to configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) to work with your Elastic Beanstalk configuration.
Which of the following Elastic Beanstalk environment should you choose to meet this requirement?Dedicated worker environment.
- As a Senior Developer, you manage 10 Amazon EC2 instances that make read-heavy database requests to the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. You need to make this architecture resilient for disaster recovery.
Which of the following features will help you prepare for database disaster recovery? (Select two)Enable the automated backup feature of Amazon RDS in a multi-AZ deployment that creates backups in a single AWS Region. Use cross-Region Read Replicas.
- An organization with online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads have successfully moved to DynamoDB after having many issues with traditional database systems. However, a few months into production, DynamoDB tables are consistently recording high latency.
As a Developer Associate, which of the following would you suggest to reduce the latency? (Select two) Use eventually consistent reads in place of strongly consistent reads whenever possible. Consider using Global tables if your application is accessed by globally distributed users
- You have deployed a traditional 3-tier web application architecture with a Classic Load Balancer, an Auto Scaling group, and an Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database. Users are reporting that they have to re-authenticate into the website often.
What should you do to make the application tier stateless and outsource the session information?Add an ElastiCache Cluster.
### Development with AWS
- Amazon S3 achieves high availability by replicating data across multiple servers within AWS data centers. This implies, information about the changes must be replicated across Amazon S3, which can take some time. One gets to observe certain behavior of S3 because of this lag.
 Which of the following is an INCORRECT statement about Amazon S3 data consistency model?:Amazon S3 supports object locking for concurrent updates
- You have been asked by your Team Lead to enable detailed monitoring of the Amazon EC2 instances your team uses. As a Developer working on AWS CLI, which of the below command will you run?:aws ec2 monitor-instances --instance-ids i-1234567890abcdef0 
- Your company has a three-year contract with a healthcare provider. The contract states that monthly database backups must be retained for the duration of the contract for compliance purposes. Currently, the limit on backup retention for automated backups, on Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), does not meet your requirements.
 Which of the following solutions can help you meet your requirements?:Create a cron event in CloudWatch, which triggers an AWS Lambda function that triggers the database snapshot
- You have migrated an on-premise SQL Server database to an Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) database attached to a VPC inside a private subnet. Also, the related Java application, hosted on-premise, has been moved to an Amazon Lambda function.
 Which of the following should you implement to connect AWS Lambda function to its RDS instance?:Configure Lambda to connect to VPC with private subnet and Security Group needed to access RDS
- A company uses Amazon RDS as its database. For improved user experience, it has been decided that a highly reliable fully-managed caching layer has to be configured in front of RDS.
 Which of the following is the right choice, keeping in mind that cache content regeneration is a costly activity?: Implement Amazon ElastiCache Redis in Cluster Mode
- A media company uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue to manage their transactions. With changing business needs, the payload size of the messages is increasing. The Team Lead of the project is worried about the 256 KB message size limit that SQS has.
 What can be done to make the queue accept messages of a larger size?:Use the SQS Extended Client
- A new member of your team is working on creating Dead Letter Queue (DLQ) for AWS Lambda functions.
 As a Developer Associate, can you help him identify the use cases, wherein AWS Lambda will add a message into a DLQ after being processed? (Select two):1)The event fails all processing attempts.2)The Lambda function invocation is asynchronous
 - The development team at a social media company is considering using Amazon ElastiCache to boost the performance of their existing databases.
  As a Developer Associate, which of the following use-cases would you recommend as the BEST fit for ElastiCache? (Select two)1)Use ElastiCache to improve latency and throughput for read-heavy application workloads.2)Use ElastiCache to improve performance of compute-intensive workloads.