---
title: AWS SAA Practise test- end of training
layout: post
tags: [aws, saa, test]
date: 2021-04-24
---
- The architecture is already highly resilient but may be subject to performance degradation if there are sudden increases in request rates. To resolve this situation Amazon Aurora Read Replicas can be used to serve read traffic which offloads requests from the main database. On the frontend an Amazon CloudFront distribution can be placed in front of the ALB and this will cache content for better performance and also offloads requests from the backend.
-  A new version of the AWS Web Application Firewall was released in November 2019. With AWS WAF classic you create “IP match conditions”, whereas with AWS WAF (new version) you create “IP set match statements”. Look out for wording on the exam.
The IP match condition / IP set match statement inspects the IP address of a web request's origin against a set of IP addresses and address ranges. Use this to allow or block web requests based on the IP addresses that the requests originate from.
AWS WAF supports all IPv4 and IPv6 address ranges. An IP set can hold up to 10,000 IP addresses or IP address ranges to check.
- In this case AWS Lambda can perform the computation and store the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Lambda can scale concurrent executions to meet demand easily and DynamoDB is built for key-value data storage requirements and is also serverless and easily scalable. This is therefore a cost effective solution for unpredictable workloads.

- A new version of the AWS Web Application Firewall was released in November 2019. With AWS WAF classic you create “IP match conditions”, whereas with AWS WAF (new version) you create “IP set match statements”. Look out for wording on the exam.
The IP match condition / IP set match statement inspects the IP address of a web request's origin against a set of IP addresses and address ranges. Use this to allow or block web requests based on the IP addresses that the requests originate from.
AWS WAF supports all IPv4 and IPv6 address ranges. An IP set can hold up to 10,000 IP addresses or IP address ranges to check.
- Need to connect the EC2 instances to the SaaS application with a source address of one of two whitelisted public IP addresses to ensure authentication works.
A NAT Gateway is created in a specific AZ and can have a single Elastic IP address associated with it. NAT Gateways are deployed in public subnets and the route tables of the private subnets where the EC2 instances reside are configured to forward Internet-bound traffic to the NAT Gateway. You do pay for using a NAT Gateway based on hourly usage and data processing, however this is still a cost-effective solution. The diagram below depicts an instance in a private subnet using a NAT gateway to connect out to the internet via an internet gateway.
- To specify permissions for a specific task on Amazon ECS you should use IAM Roles for Tasks. The permissions policy can be applied to tasks when creating the task definition, or by using an IAM task role override using the AWS CLI or SDKs. The taskRoleArn parameter is used to specify the policy.
- The Amazon S3 notification feature enables you to receive notifications when certain events happen in your bucket. To enable notifications, you must first add a notification configuration that identifies the events you want Amazon S3 to publish and the destinations where you want Amazon S3 to send the notifications. You store this configuration in the notification subresource that is associated with a bucket.
AWS Glue is a fully managed extract, transform, and load (ETL) service that makes it easy for customers to prepare and load their data for analytics.
With this solution S3 event notifications triggering a Lambda function is completely serverless and cost-effective and AWS Glue can trigger ETL jobs that will transform that data and load it into a data store such as S3.
- CloudFormation helps users to deploy resources in a consistent and orderly way. By ensuring the CloudFormation templates are created and administered with the right security configurations for your resources, you can then repeatedly deploy resources with secure settings and reduce the risk of human error.
- ElastiCache is a web service that makes it easy to deploy and run Memcached or Redis protocol-compliant server nodes in the cloud. The in-memory caching provided by ElastiCache can be used to significantly improve latency and throughput for many read-heavy application workloads or compute-intensive workloads.
- AWS Global Accelerator uses the vast, congestion-free AWS global network to route TCP and UDP traffic to a healthy application endpoint in the closest AWS Region to the user. This means it will intelligently route traffic to the closest point of presence (reducing latency). Seamless failover is ensured as AWS Global Accelerator uses anycast IP address which means the IP does not change when failing over between regions so there are no issues with client caches having incorrect entries that need to expire.
- Scheduled Instances are a good choice for workloads that do not run continuously but do run on a regular schedule. This is ideal for the development environment.
Reserved instances are a good choice for workloads that run continuously. This is a good option for the production environment.
- Amazon EKS is a managed service that can be used to run Kubernetes on AWS. Kubernetes is an open-source system for automating the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. Applications running on Amazon EKS are fully compatible with applications running on any standard Kubernetes environment, whether running in on-premises data centers or public clouds. This means that you can easily migrate any standard Kubernetes application to Amazon EKS without any code modification.
This solution ensures that the same open-source software is used for automating the deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications both on-premises and in the AWS Cloud.
- Multi-factor authentication (MFA) delete adds an additional step before an object can be deleted from a versioning-enabled bucket.

With MFA delete the bucket owner must include the x-amz-mfa request header in requests to permanently delete an object version or change the versioning state of the bucket.