---
title: AWS CDA Practise test 5
layout: post
tags: [aws, cda, test]
date: 2020-08-17
---
### Monitoring
- Your company manages hundreds of EC2 instances running on Linux OS. The instances are configured in several Availability Zones in the eu-west-3 region. Your manager has requested to collect system memory metrics on all EC2 instances using a script.
Which of the following solutions will help you collect this data?:Use a cron job on the instances that pushes the EC2 RAM statistics as a Custom metric into CloudWatch. The Amazon CloudWatch Monitoring Scripts for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Linux-based instances demonstrate how to produce and consume Amazon CloudWatch custom metrics. These Perl scripts comprise a fully functional example that reports memory, swap, and disk space utilization metrics for a Linux instance. You can set a cron schedule for metrics reported to CloudWatch and report memory utilization to CloudWatch every x minutes.
- You are revising options that would be best for monitoring a few EC2 instances you currently manage. Amazon CloudWatch has metrics available to monitor your EC2 instances for CPU load, I/O, and network I/O. Your budget does not allow for spending on monitoring so using the default monitoring available is your preferred choice.
With default monitoring, at what interval will these metrics be collected?:5 minutes.By default, your instance is enabled for basic monitoring and Amazon EC2 sends metric data to CloudWatch in 5-minute periods. You can optionally enable detailed monitoring. After you enable detailed monitoring, the Amazon EC2 console displays monitoring graphs with a 1-minute period for the instance.
The following describes the data interval and charge for basic and detailed monitoring for instances. Basic monitoring Data is available automatically in 5-minute periods at no charge. Detailed monitoring Data is available in 1-minute periods for an additional charge.
- An organization uses Alexa as its intelligent assistant to improve productivity throughout the organization. A group of developers manages custom Alexa Skills written in Node.Js to control conference-room equipment settings and start meetings using voice activation. The manager has requested developers that all functions code should be monitored for error rates with the possibility of creating alarms on top of them.
Which of the following options should be chosen? (select two):CloudWatch Alarms.CloudWatch Metrics.
- A development team has inherited a web application running in the us-east-1 region with three availability zones (us-east-1a, us-east1-b, and us-east-1c) whose incoming web traffic is routed by a load balancer. When one of the EC2 instances hosting the web application crashes, the team realizes that the load balancer continues to route traffic to that instance causing intermittent issues.
Which of the following should the development team do to minimize this problem?: Enable Health Checks. To discover the availability of your EC2 instances, a load balancer periodically sends pings, attempts connections, or sends requests to test the EC2 instances. 
### Security
- An IT company has a web application running on Amazon EC2 instances that needs read-only access to an Amazon DynamoDB table.
As a Developer Associate, what is the best-practice solution you would recommend to accomplish this task?:Create an IAM role with an AmazonDynamoDBReadOnlyAccess policy and apply it to the EC2 instance profile. Instead, create an IAM role that you attach to the EC2 instance to give temporary security credentials to applications running on the instance. When an application uses these credentials in AWS, it can perform all of the operations that are allowed by the policies attached to the role.
So for the given use-case, you should create an IAM role with an AmazonDynamoDBReadOnlyAccess policy and apply it to the EC2 instance profile.
- A cybersecurity company is publishing critical log data to a log group in Amazon CloudWatch Logs, which was created 3 months ago. The company must encrypt the log data using an AWS KMS customer master key (CMK), so any future data can be encrypted to meet the company’s security guidelines.
How can the company address this use-case?: Use the AWS CLI associate-kms-key  command and specify the KMS key ARN. 
- You have a web application hosted on EC2 that makes GET and PUT requests for objects stored in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) using the SDK for PHP. As the security team completed the final review of your application for vulnerabilities, they noticed that your application uses hardcoded IAM access key and secret access key to gain access to AWS services. They recommend you leverage a more secure setup, which should use temporary credentials if possible.
Which of the following options can be used to address the given use-case? Use an IAM Instance Role.
- Your company leverages Amazon CloudFront to provide content via the internet to customers with low latency. Aside from latency, security is another concern and you are looking for help in enforcing end-to-end connections using HTTPS so that content is protected.
Which of the following options is available for HTTPS in AWS CloudFront?:Between clients and CloudFront as well as between CloudFront and backend.
- You are a manager for a tech company that has just hired a team of developers to work on the company's AWS infrastructure. All the developers are reporting to you that when using the AWS CLI to execute commands it fails with the following exception: You are not authorized to perform this operation. Encoded authorization failure message: 6h34GtpmGjJJUm946eDVBfzWQJk6z5GePbbGDs9Z2T8xZj9EZtEduSnTbmrR7pMqpJrVYJCew2m8YBZQf4HRWEtrpncANrZMsnzk.
Which of the following actions will help developers decode the message?:AWS STS decode-authorization-message
- A media company is building an application that needs to store video files in Amazon S3. Management requires that the files be encrypted before they are sent to Amazon S3 for storage. The encryption keys need to be managed by an in-house security team but the key itself is stored on AWS.
Which solution should the company use to meet these requirements?: Use client-side encryption with an AWS KMS managed customer master key (CMK).
- You have a popular web application that accesses data stored in an Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket. Developers use the SDK to maintain the application and add new features. Security compliance requests that all new objects uploaded to S3 be encrypted using SSE-S3 at the time of upload. Which of the following headers must the developers add to their request?
-
### Refactoring
- A development team uses the AWS SDK for Java to maintain an application that stores data in AWS DynamoDB. The application makes use of Scan operations to return several items from a 25 GB table. There is no possibility of creating indexes to retrieve these items predictably. Developers are trying to get these specific rows from DynamoDB as fast as possible.
Which of the following options can be used to improve the performance of the Scan operation?:Use parallel scans. 
### Development with AWS
- You are assigned as the new project lead for a web application that processes orders for customers. You want to integrate event-driven processing anytime data is modified or deleted and use a serverless approach using AWS Lambda for processing stream events.
Which of the following databases should you choose from?:Kinesis is not a database. DynamoDB
- You have uploaded a zip file to AWS Lambda that contains code files written in Node.Js. When your function is executed you receive the following output, 'Error: Memory Size: 3008 MB Max Memory Used'.
 Which of the following explains the problem? Your Lambda function was deployed with 3008MB of RAM, but it seems your code requested or used more than that, so the Lambda function failed.
- A senior cloud engineer designs and deploys online fraud detection solutions for credit card companies processing millions of transactions daily. The Elastic Beanstalk application sends files to Amazon S3 and then sends a message to an Amazon SQS queue containing the path of the uploaded file in S3. A solution architect recommended that since PUTS of existing objects in S3 deliver eventual consistency and we want to minimize the risk of consumers reading old data, it would be preferable to introduce a per-message lag so that consumers won't find a message in SQS until it has been in the queue for at least 10 seconds.
 Which SQS feature should the developer leverage?:Delay queues let you postpone the delivery of new messages to a queue for several seconds, for example, when your consumer application needs additional time to process messages. 
- You are a system administrator whose company recently moved its production application to AWS and migrated data from MySQL to AWS DynamoDB. You are adding new tables to AWS DynamoDB and need to allow your application to query your data by the primary key and an alternate key. This option must be added when first creating tables otherwise changes cannot be made afterward.
 Which of the following actions should you take?:Create a LSI. Local secondary indexes are created at the same time that you create a table. You cannot add a local secondary index to an existing table, nor can you delete any local secondary indexes that currently exist.
- DevOps engineers are developing an order processing system where notifications are sent to a department whenever an order is placed for a product. The system also pushes identical notifications of the new order to a processing module that would allow EC2 instances to handle the fulfillment of the order. In the case of processing errors, the messages should be allowed to be re-processed at a later stage and never lost.
 Which of the following solutions can be used to address this use-case?SNS + SQS.Amazon SNS enables message filtering and fanout to a large number of subscribers, including serverless functions, queues, and distributed systems. Additionally, Amazon SNS fans out notifications to end users via mobile push messages, SMS, and email.
- You have a popular three-tier web application that is used by users throughout the globe receiving thousands of incoming requests daily. You have AWS Route 53 policies to automatically distribute weighted traffic to the API resources located at URL api.global.com.
 What is an alternative way of distributing traffic to a web application?:CloudFront - Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high transfer speeds.
- You have an Amazon Kinesis Data Stream with 10 shards, and from the metrics, you are well below the throughput utilization of 10 MB per second to send data. You send 3 MB per second of data and yet you are receiving ProvisionedThroughputExceededException errors frequently.
 What is the likely cause of this?:The partition key that you have selected isn't distributed enough
- Your application sends messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) queue frequently, which are then polled by another application that specifies which message to retrieve.
  Which of the following options describe the maximum number of messages that can be retrieved at one time?: 10. After you send messages to a queue, you can receive and delete them. When you request messages from a queue, you can't specify which messages to retrieve. Instead, you specify the maximum number of messages (up to 10) that you want to retrieve.
### Deployment